[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-naming.md

---
ms.date: 12/28/2019

> description: 'Learn requirements for Excel custom functions' names and avoid common naming pitfalls.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn requirements for names  of Excel custom functions and avoid common naming pitfalls.'
```
